feat(otel): add support for exporting otlp logs (#13831)
DataDog/dd-trace-py: docs/configuration.rst

     type: string
     default: structured
     description: Enables :ref:`Logs Injection`. Supported values are ``false``, ``true``, and ``structured``.
  
  DD_LOGS_OTEL_ENABLED:

>      type: Boolean

Author: ```suggestion
     type: Boolean
```

       v3.10.0: |
         The default value was changed to ``true``. This means that the tracer will inject trace context into logs when ``ddtrace-run`` or ``import ddtrace.auto`` is used.
         To disable this behavior, set ``DD_LOGS_INJECTION=false``.

   DD_LOGS_OTEL_ENABLED:
     type: Boolean
     default: False

     description: |
         When used with ``ddtrace-run`` this configuration enables support for exporting OTLP logs generated
         by the OpenTelemetry Logging API. The application must also include its own OTLP logs exporter.
     
     version_added:

>        v3.11.0: Adds suport for submiting logs via an OTLP Exporter.

Author: ```suggestion
       v3.12.0: Adds support for submitting logs via an OTLP Exporter.
```
